README.md, before:

Chisel [![Curseforge](http://cf.way2muchnoise.eu/short_chisel.svg)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/projects/chisel)
===========

The Chisel mod adds many decorative blocks to the game.

We use connected texture and other dark magic to make it look fancy!

Join us on irc at esper.net on #ChiselTeam

I cant think of anything else to say, heres the license stuff I guess.

This mod is licensed under GPLv2.

All images under this directory
`/src/main/resources/assets/chisel/textures/blocks/bloodMagic/` are created by Yulife, and are used with permission.
[It is licensed under CC BY-NC-SA 4.0](https://github.com/CyanideX/Unity/blob/master/LICENSE.md).

All images under the following directories

- `/src/main/resources/assets/chisel/textures/blocks/andesite/`
- `/src/main/resources/assets/chisel/textures/blocks/basalt/`
- `/src/main/resources/assets/chisel/textures/blocks/bookshelf/`
- `/src/main/resources/assets/chisel/textures/blocks/bricks/`
- `/src/main/resources/assets/chisel/textures/blocks/coal/`
- `/src/main/resources/assets/chisel/textures/blocks/cobblestone/`
- `/src/main/resources/assets/chisel/textures/blocks/diorite/`
- `/src/main/resources/assets/chisel/textures/blocks/dirt/`
- `/src/main/resources/assets/chisel/textures/blocks/endstone/`
- `/src/main/resources/assets/chisel/textures/blocks/fluid/`
- `/src/main/resources/assets/chisel/textures/blocks/glowstone/`
- `/src/main/resources/assets/chisel/textures/blocks/granite/`
- `/src/main/resources/assets/chisel/textures/blocks/hardenedclay/`
- `/src/main/resources/assets/chisel/textures/blocks/limestone/`
- `/src/main/resources/assets/chisel/textures/blocks/marble/`
- `/src/main/resources/assets/chisel/textures/blocks/prismarine/`
- `/src/main/resources/assets/chisel/textures/blocks/purpur/`
- `/src/main/resources/assets/chisel/textures/blocks/quartz/`
- `/src/main/resources/assets/chisel/textures/blocks/redstone/`
- `/src/main/resources/assets/chisel/textures/blocks/sandstonered/`
- `/src/main/resources/assets/chisel/textures/blocks/sandstoneyellow/`
- `/src/main/resources/assets/chisel/textures/blocks/stone/`

are created by Drullkus, and are used with permission. It is licensed under CC BY-NC-SA 4.0.

Commit message:

Chiseled Wool and Carpets! Oh my!
@tterrag1098 We should fix #239 before next release

README.md, after:

Chisel [![Curseforge](http://cf.way2muchnoise.eu/short_chisel.svg)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/projects/chisel)
===========

The Chisel mod adds many decorative blocks to the game.

We use connected texture and other dark magic to make it look fancy!

Join us on irc at esper.net on #ChiselTeam

I cant think of anything else to say, heres the license stuff I guess.

This mod is licensed under GPLv2.

All images contained by this directory
`/src/main/resources/assets/chisel/textures/blocks/bloodMagic/` are created by Yulife, and are used with permission.
[It is licensed under CC BY-NC-SA 4.0](https://github.com/CyanideX/Unity/blob/master/LICENSE.md).

All images contained by the following directories

- `/src/main/resources/assets/chisel/textures/blocks/andesite/`
- `/src/main/resources/assets/chisel/textures/blocks/basalt/`
- `/src/main/resources/assets/chisel/textures/blocks/bookshelf/`
- `/src/main/resources/assets/chisel/textures/blocks/bricks/`
- `/src/main/resources/assets/chisel/textures/blocks/coal/`
- `/src/main/resources/assets/chisel/textures/blocks/cobblestone/`
- `/src/main/resources/assets/chisel/textures/blocks/diorite/`
- `/src/main/resources/assets/chisel/textures/blocks/dirt/`
- `/src/main/resources/assets/chisel/textures/blocks/endstone/`
- `/src/main/resources/assets/chisel/textures/blocks/fluid/`
- `/src/main/resources/assets/chisel/textures/blocks/glowstone/`
- `/src/main/resources/assets/chisel/textures/blocks/granite/`
- `/src/main/resources/assets/chisel/textures/blocks/hardenedclay/`
- `/src/main/resources/assets/chisel/textures/blocks/limestone/`
- `/src/main/resources/assets/chisel/textures/blocks/marble/`
- `/src/main/resources/assets/chisel/textures/blocks/prismarine/`
- `/src/main/resources/assets/chisel/textures/blocks/purpur/`
- `/src/main/resources/assets/chisel/textures/blocks/quartz/`
- `/src/main/resources/assets/chisel/textures/blocks/redstone/`
- `/src/main/resources/assets/chisel/textures/blocks/sandstonered/`
- `/src/main/resources/assets/chisel/textures/blocks/sandstoneyellow/`
- `/src/main/resources/assets/chisel/textures/blocks/stone/`
- `/src/main/resources/assets/chisel/textures/blocks/wool/llama/`

are created by Drullkus, and are used with permission. It is licensed under CC BY-NC-SA 4.0.
