Chisel
=======
Chisel is a mod for Minecraft which adds aesthetic blocks to the game through the use of a chisel.  Originally created by 
AUTOMATIC_MAIDEN, it was ported to Minecraft 1.7.2 by asie, and maintained by Pokefenn during 1.7.10 and now maintained by Cricket.

Pull Requests
---------------
If you wish to create a pull request with an awesome new feature, a language translation or even a bug fix. That's cool but please push to the correct branch which is dev. That is the working branch. Master is for releases only.

Issue Reporting
----------------
If you wish to report an issue with the mod, please submit one to the issue tracker in this repository.  When creating an 
issue, please be sure to include...

-the version of Chisel you are using<br />
-the version of Forge you are using<br />
-the crash report (preferrably via <a href="http://pastebin.com/">Pastebin</a>) generated by the error<br />
-depending on the error, an image of the problem<br />

Contributing
-------------
Chisel is open-source under the GPL v2 license.  As a result, you may contribute to the development of the mod via pull requests.  
To set up the mod as to allow you to make changes, do the following:

1. Clone the repository onto your local system.
2. Open a command prompt from the repository folder.
3. 3. Run the command 'gradlew setupDecompWorkspace' if on a Windows, 'bash gradlew setupDecompWorkspace' on a Mac, and 'gradle setupDecompWorkspace' if you have Gradle installed, on any OS.

*The next steps vary based on what IDE you wish to use*

### IntelliJ IDEA
4. Run 'gradlew idea'.
5. Open IntelliJ and point to either the project folder or the build.gradle file.
6. After opening the project in IntelliJ, run 'gradlew genIntellijRuns' in the command terminal you opened earlier.

### Eclipse

4b. Run 'gradlew eclipse' if on a Windows, 'bash gradlew eclipse' on a Mac, and 'gradle eclipse' if you have Gradle installed, on any OS.

5b. Open Eclipse and point it to the folder named 'eclipse' within the folder.

You now have a functional local copy of Chisel, ready to develop on.
 

MAKE SURE TO UPDATE YOUR FORK BEFORE MAKING A PULL REQUEST.

Jenkins
----------------
http://coloredlightscore.us.to:8080/job/Chisel-2%20v1.7.10-Dev/
